fix: Mail-client proxy undefined error (#3647)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/angry-timers-press.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/mail-client': patch
---

> [Fixed Issues] Fix error `Greeting never received` when sending emails to On-Premise mail servers. The `_readableListening` property of socket is set to `true` to allow nodemailer to receive SMTP greeting messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fixed Issue] Fix error `Greeting never received` when sending emails to On-Premise mail servers. The `_readableListening` property of socket is set to `true` to allow nodemailer to receive SMTP greeting messages.
```

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity': patch
'@sap-cloud-sdk/mail-client': patch
---

> [Fixed Issues] Set `_readableListening` property of Socket to `true` to allow nodemailer to receive SMTP greeting messages. Fixes `Greeting never received` error when sending emails to onPrem mail servers.

Reviewer 2: [req] I would also mention one item for reflecting the error `The proxy configuration is undefined`

> [Fixed Issues] Set `_readableListening` property of Socket to `true` to allow nodemailer to receive SMTP greeting messages. Fixes `Greeting never received` error when sending emails to onPrem mail servers.

Reviewer: Maybe mention what was fixed and then how it was done. Starting with the technical details might not be relevant for most users.
```suggestion
[Fixed Issues] Set `_readableListening` property of socket to `true` to allow nodemailer to receive SMTP greeting messages. Fixes `Greeting never received` error when sending emails to On-Premise mail servers.
```
